hey you guys what's up and welcome back
to the slovaks Channel today we have an
at-home low-impact 20 minute total body
workout it's going to be really fine
it's gonna be an imam so that means we
are going to do an exercise every minute
on the minute so starting at a minute
you'll do an exercise 45 seconds and
then we'll rest for the rest of the
minute which is just 15 seconds you can
take a longer rest period if you need it
just go at your own pace and then
starting at the beginning of the next
minute we do a new exercise and I'll
walk you guys through it it's gonna be
great shouldn't be well for your
neighbors and you don't need any
equipment or anything just your body and
a mat we could even probably do it with
your shoes off but I'm wearing mine and
today this video is brought to you guys
by bear mattress I sleep on a bare
mattress they make this amazing mattress
sort of for athletes or just for active
people who are looking to really recover
fully during the night Gary and I have
been sleeping on it for about six months
and we are obsessed we've never had such
an amazing sleep like I'm not just
saying that you guys we really do sleep
on her bare mattress and it's incredible
they're an incredible company and have
an amazing product and if you're looking
for a new mattress highly recommend
checking them out they also have an
awesome content just athletes and people
who live active lifestyles so check them
out also welcome to our new apartment is
pretty much unfurnished we just got this
couch yesterday but we haven't decorated
yet so excuse the bareness of it no pun
intended in their mattress so we are
just moving in and we have lots of
furniture a cell to kind of decorate
with waiting for it to come but we're
doing the workout here today so when
you're ready to grab water grab mat and
meet me on the mat we're going to get
started with the first exercise let's
dip
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
that's it you guys thank you so much and
hope you really enjoyed the workout if
you did give it a big thumbs up and
subscribe for more content tailored to
petite women don't forget to hit the
notification bells receive notifications
I post a new video every single Monday
on the dot
so meet me back here next Monday for a
new video every week and again if you
are looking for new mattress check out
Fair mattress we love them as we get the
most restful sleep from them they use a
special technology that helps you
recover during the night and we really
notice the difference all right you guys
I hope you love this workout have a
great rest of your day
and I'll see you next week bye love you
[Music]